AEDIT.EXE  (VERSION 1.0)                Copyright (c) 1993 Douglas Boling
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
             First Published in PC Magazine November 23, 1993 (Utilities)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
AEDIT by Douglas Boling

Purpose:
         A small, menu-driven, line-oriented text editor that can be run
from DOS, OS/2, Windows NT, or a Windows DOS box.  In addition to providing
basic file, editing, and search-and-replace operations, AEDIT includes Undo
Last Edit, Set Tabs, and GOTO Line and Column features, and it can handle
all file sizes that will fit within the system memory.

Format:
                      AEDIT [/Tn] [/Ln] [/Cn] [[path]filename]

Remarks:
         The optional switch parameters set the tab spacing (/T) and the
line (/L) and column (/C) at which the cursor is initially placed.
The default values of n are 8, 1, and 1, respectively, which provide tab
stops every eight characters and put the cursor at the start of the file.

         The top-level menu contains File, Edit, Search, Configure, and
Help menu items, each of which has submenu selections.  Under File are New,
Open, Save, Save As, and Exit; under Edit are Cut, Copy, Paste, and Undo.
Text cut or copied to the AEDIT buffer can be pasted repeatedly.  The Undo
function affects only the last Editing operation.  Search items comprise
Find, Repeat, Change, and GOTO (line), and Help accesses Help and the usual
About box.

         To select a menu item, hold down the Alt key while pressing the
highlighted letter.  Text can be marked for cut, copy, or delete operations
by holding down the Shift key and moving the cursor.  Many of the functions
have shortcut keys, which are listed in the Help selection.

         Both Find and Change are affected by the Respect Case flag, which
can be changed at the Configuration menu.  By default, upper- and lowercase
are ignored in determining a string match, but this can be toggled to the
opposite state.  The Tab setting can also be changed from the Configuration
menu.

         A status bar at the bottom of the screen indicates the filename,
cursor line and column position, insert (I) or overstrike (O) mode,
case-sensitive (S) or not (s), and whether CapsLock (Up Arrow) or NumLock
(#) is active.  Prompts for strings to enter and reminders to save before
exiting also appear in the status bar.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
DOUGLAS BOLING IS A CONTRIBUTING EDITOR OF PC MAGAZINE.®MDUL¯®MDNM¯